CONTENTS OF THIS FILE
---------------------

 * Introduction
 * Installation
 * Usage
 * Known Issues

INTRODUCTION
------------

Creator: akashjain132 <http://drupal.org/user/2622667>

Block Timer is a module for analyzing page block performance. When
enabled, it will display a small textbox underneath each block title
showing the time (in milliseconds) it took to render that block.
Hovering your mouse over the textbox will display a popup window with
some more useful detail to help you analyze the load time of your
pages.

On a complex page where you have over 20 to 30 different blocks
generated by the same module (ie. views, superfish), it is difficult
to isolate a slow rendering block. Block Timer will help identify the
performance causing block which you can then analyze further using
XHProf (https://drupal.org/project/xhprof) and/or Display Query Log in
the Devel (https://drupal.org/project/devel) module.

Block Timer should only be enabled in a development or test environment
since it alters the display of your pages and it will have a
performance impact, albeit slight, on the total page rendering.

INSTALLATION
------------

- Install and enable the module as you normally would.
- Go to admin/config/development/block_timer to enable Block Timer and
  to set Good and Bad rendeing times.
- Go to admin/people/permissions to enable Block Timer for specific
  roles

USAGE
-----

Once enabled, all blocks that appear on a page will have a small
textbox underneath the block title that displays the time
(in milliseconds) it took to render that block. The number prefix
indicates the slowness rank. For example:

  3. Rendered in 12.34 ms

means this block was rendered in 12.34 milliseconds and it was the
third slowest block on the page.

Each Block Timer textbox will have a green, yellow or red background
color. Green color represents whether the block rendering time was good
(under 50 ms), Yellow indicates warning (between 50 and 200 ms) and
Red for anything over 200 ms.

At the bottom of the page is a summary of the total number of blocks
rendered and the time it took to render all of them.

Note: The total time does not include rendering time for other
components on the page, just for blocks.

The summary will also include blocks that were rendered but were not
displayed on the page.

KNOWN ISSUES
------------
- Display Query Log (Devel module) will sometimes break the page rendering
